[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with Duane Ollinger, a
high-risk oil contractor who
discovered a system
of underground caverns
that runs beneath his
160-acre ranch in Utah,
home to some highly
unusual anomalies.
Also joining us is
Tim, a tactical advisor
to covert analysts trying
to understand the missions
and strategies of non-human
intelligences on our planet.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>DUANE OLLINGER: Thank you.
>>EMERY: Duane, much of what you
learned about extraterrestrials
comes from the General, you say.
Who is this General?
>>OLLINGER: He was a guy that
we started dealing with up there
in Utah.
And he was brought to
us by Don Nicoloff.
Don Nicoloff and
him were friends,
and they were a part of the
project on the east side.
They were helping
us to know where
to dig and know where to drill.
And that's where I came in
contact with Jeremiah Davis.
And he worked for the CIA.
He was brought in to Area 51.
And he was drafted
out of Area 51
into the United Galactic
Federation of Hindon,
which is 574 different planets.
>>EMERY: Now, he was a
general in the military,
or that was a nickname that
you guys gave Jeremiah?
>>OLLINGER: No, he was a
general in the United Galactic
Federation on Earth.
I don't know what
his ranking was here.
He just worked for the CIA.
He was head of teams.
>>EMERY: And he worked
at Area 51, correct?
>>OLLINGER: I don't know
that he ever worked there.
He was brought in to
Area 51, and that's
where he had the meetings with
the Federation, where they--
he said it was a
big to do type deal,
and that's where the
Federation brought down
one of their craft.
>>EMERY: Do you believe he
was an extraterrestrial?
>>OLLINGER: He was from here.
>>TIM: So he started
his career in the CIA,
got brought into Area
51, and then somehow got
into the Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Yes, yes.
>>TIM: And do you know something
about the meetings, how
they happened?
>>OLLINGER: Some of the things
I remember he talked about
was that he didn't know what the
meetings was going to be about,
but they picked him
up in a big aircraft
and flew him into Area 51.
And then that's when that
craft came out of the air
and that's where they
met the Federation.
Some of the things
that was strange
was that whenever
that craft came down
and those people
got out, he said
that he thought he
was going crazy,
because not only seeing that,
but he was hearing things.
And there was people
talking to him.
It was a telepathic
type scenario
that he was having a
conversation or hearing things.
And that was a
part of the people
that studied Jeremiah
for over 30 years
before they brought him in.
>>EMERY: What was the
General's connection
with your properties?
>>OLLINGER: His connection with
the property was through Don
Nicoloff--
Don Nicoloff and him.
And I don't know
how they really met.
They monitored Don Nicoloff
heavily because of his radio
talk show and liked everything
that he talked about.
And so I guess
maybe that's where
that connection came from.
>>EMERY: So Duane, tell
me about Don's radio show,
and let's get some
timeframes here.
When was Don doing
this radio show?
When did Jeremiah meet Don?
When did Jeremiah
get flown to Area 51
to meet the Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, I
don't know exact dates.
I do know that Don
Nicoloff had a radio talk
show for quite a while.
Matter of fact, when he was
up there with us in Utah--
>>EMERY: What year was that?
>>OLLINGER: Oh my goodness.
2010, plus or minus.
>>EMERY: OK.
Sure.
>>OLLINGER: We'd have to look
at the dates on all that stuff.
>>EMERY: That's fine.
>>OLLINGER: But Don Nicoloff,
even at night, every few days,
he would do his radio talk
show up there in a motel room
while we were up
there on that project.
I'd sit there and listen to him
talk about all kinds of stuff.
>>EMERY: So what about Jeremiah
when he flew to Area 51--
do you know approximately
when that was.
>>OLLINGER: Now this
is just guessing here,
but I think it was
in the '80s is when
he was taken into that group.
>>EMERY: Did he ever talk
about additional meetings,
besides the one at Area 51
when the craft came down?
>>OLLINGER: Oh gosh, yeah.
Yeah.
He talked about--
>>EMERY: Where would
those meetings take place?
>>OLLINGER: Putin
knows about them.
Obama knows about them.
Trump knows about them.
All those guys know
this whole deal.
>>EMERY: Right.
So you said he had
a career in the CIA.
And do you know the
timeframe of how many years
it was before he joined
the Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: If I understood it
right, it was around 30 years
that he was with the CIA
before they brought him
into that other group.
And again, he said
he didn't realize it,
but they were studying
him for years.
>>EMERY: Was he a public person?
Or was he underground?
Could you search him in the
phone book and find him?
>>OLLINGER: I don't
know how to answer that.
I do know that he
said, look, if you
want to find out anything that
I've done, you'll never see it.
You'll never see it.
>>EMERY: When did the General
start sharing information
to you about the
Galactic Federation,
and what did he say about it?
>>OLLINGER: It was
during that project
up there in Utah whenever
we got to see the craft
and things like that.
He would, for whatever
reason, after Don Nicoloff
got a little bit
sick, I just picked up
conversations with him.
And he would call in and tell
me everything that's going on.
And he always told me
that, everything you say,
Duane, they're listening to.
But I can't prove
this, but I think
that it was their
way of communicating
by people that's listening in.
And because he would
always tell me things
that there was no
reason for me to know,
and he would talk
about so many things--
he would talk about his
meetings with Putin.
He would talk about--
>>EMERY: Could you share a
little bit with us about that?
What'd he say about
those meetings?
>>OLLINGER: Sure.
>>EMERY: What was discussed
with these presidents?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
He liked old Putin,
but he says you
got to keep your finger on him.
Because he don't mind moving
his boundaries, is what he said,
you know.
>>EMERY: What did
he share with Putin
about the Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, Putin
knows every bit of it.
They've had meetings,
craft all around them,
the whole nine yards.
Putin knows all that and
so do so many other people.
Putin got out of hand one time.
And he was-- gosh,
how many years ago--
eight or nine years ago,
he was moving this boundary
over a little bit.
And the Federation told him,
they said, don't do that.
And so he moved it
up a little bit.
The Federation made all
of the soldiers get out,
and they melted that
whole line of equipment.
>>EMERY: What line of equipment?
>>OLLINGER: Putin's
military-type equipment.
>>EMERY: Is this classified
extraterrestrial vehicles, or--
>>OLLINGER: No, this
was just military--
>>EMERY: It was
military equipment?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
And they had the
weaponry to do that.
And Jeremiah would talk
about the weaponry they have
and how powerful it is and--
>>EMERY: What kind of weapons
did he mention to you?
>>OLLINGER: So it's always a
war game up there in space.
You got good and bad
going on all the time.
And their weaponry
is probably what
he told me would be a thousand
times better than what
the US would have
or anybody on Earth.
He did talk about where the
North Korean guy was getting
out of his lane a little bit.
And so the Federation
loaned some weaponry
to the United States to
show the North Korean guy
that if he doesn't
get back in his lane,
that it might not be good.
And I asked Jeremiah, I said,
what happens to that guy?
And he says, well, if he
doesn't get back in his lane,
he goes poof.
I go, really, poof?
>>EMERY: Spontaneous human
combustion, you mean?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I said, well, let's
say our military gets
in the wrong hands
of our military.
What happens to
them if they use it?
And he said, if they use it in
the wrong way, they go poof.
So--
>>EMERY: So they
have control, you're
saying, over us, this
Galactic Federation over Earth
and all the militaries.
>>OLLINGER: They let things
go the way it's going to go.
But for whatever I've seen--
and I know this sounds
crazy and I can't prove it--
but the crafts that I've
seen, I would be surprised
if any nuclear weapon works.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: That
is so old school,
it's unreal, compared
to the stories.
He talks about that there's
major crafts out in our galaxy.
And there's some bad guys.
There's good guys,
and there's bad guys.
And they talk about
the battles they
were in with their weaponry
where some of the battles
they got into.
It took an advanced
computer system
to even win the battles
on these big craft
that they were fighting.
But they surrounded them with
theirs and with the computer
system, and firing
all at one time
is how they won the battle.
>>EMERY: Did he ever mention
the names of those civilizations
that we're battling out there?
>>OLLINGER: He talked about
where they got into a battle
with one huge craft, and it was
very hard on those people that
was in the battle.
Because whenever they
blowed that object up,
there was this white
blond-headed race just
floating off into space.
And so it took a lot of
counseling for his people
because it was hard on them.
But it was a battle that those
people wouldn't back off.
And they were trying
to do things that
weren't supposed to be done.
>>EMERY: Such as?
>>OLLINGER: He
never really said.
But there's other entities
that are always constantly,
if I understand it right,
trying to take over Earth.
>>EMERY: Why do you
believe they're trying
to interact with mankind?
What's your opinion on that?
>>OLLINGER: Well, because--
>>EMERY: Is there an agenda?
Did he ever share anything
with you about that?
>>OLLINGER: I really think
that the biggest problem is
that they don't want us blowing
up our Earth, because it
affects everybody else out
there somewhere, too, I guess.
>>EMERY: What can you tell us
about the races that are part
of this Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, it's
not 574 different races.
It's 574 different planets.
And that's all the
planets that have
accepted their way of life.
And the Earth is something
that they're working on,
but they think it's a ways off
because of how our thinking is.
>>TIM: You mentioned
political figures.
Now, Israel talked about
the Galactic Federation.
Do you think this is the
same Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: That's
something I don't know.
Because he told me that
not only is there one,
there's thousands of these
different federations.
>>TIM: Something
that I can confirm
is that there are indeed
lots and lots of federations
out there.
So I was just curious because
the officials in Israel
talked about the Galactic
Federation in contact
with the government.
They didn't specify which it is.
But it could very well be
the one you're talking about.
But indeed, there are a lot
of federations and alliances
all over the place.
And you're absolutely
right to say
that there's alliance-building
everywhere in the universe.
>>EMERY: Could you tell
us a little bit more
and elaborate on the
different members
that Jeremiah was interacting
with from around the universe?
>>OLLINGER: He would talk about
these real tall white-looking
people.
He talked about
where they captured
a general that was a reptilian.
Very high-level mind
control-type guy.
He talked about
that a bunch where--
>>EMERY: Did he mention
anything about what
the reptilian looked like?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
Real beefy, stout.
Whenever they took
him in on their ship,
it was like a glass bubble
that they had to keep him in
or he could end up
controlling or--
>>EMERY: Yeah, using
psionics, right?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>OLLINGER: He talked
about that a lot.
But he also talked
about that even
that general for
the reptilian race
still believed in one creator
and all the different things.
He said it was very
interesting to hear
what they would talk about.
And then they released
him after that.
But that was one
of the requests,
to capture somebody like that.
And they did.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
the tall whites.
What more can you
tell us about them?
>>OLLINGER: The tall whites--
Jeremiah, he never had
very good luck with them.
They were always trying
to come in on him
and things of that nature.
For whatever reason, if
they did come in on him,
he would be where he could move
and things like that sometimes.
And he'd have these
dips out of his skin.
Always about three
little dips, like
they were taking
samples or something.
>>EMERY: Explain
to me a little bit.
You just said come in on him.
Does that mean-- you're
talking about these dips,
they got tissue samples.
What were they doing to him?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
He would say that we don't
have a very good defense system
against these type of people.
They can materialize
or dematerialize
and walk through walls.
And then pretty rough
batch of cats sometimes.
>>EMERY: So why did
they pick Jeremiah?
I mean, he's human.
You said he's like
an ambassador.
And what is all
about the membership
to get into the
Galactic Federation?
Did he ever talk about that?
>>OLLINGER: He talked
about it in a way
that they monitor everybody.
They know about everybody.
They know about me and you, you.
They know.
And they monitor that deal.
How they do it, I don't know.
But for some reason, he
passed the test, I guess.
And they picked him.
Now, did they pick anybody else?
They picked one
more of his group
that he used to work
with, and that was a lady.
And she's being
trained right now.
>>EMERY: What's her name?
>>OLLINGER: Her
first name is Karen,
and they never told me anything
more than that after that.
But she is a part
of that group now.
She's going to be taking
over what he used to do.
>>EMERY: And do they just come
and go freely as they want?
Is there something set up?
Like, we're going to meet
on this day, at this area.
How does that work?
Is it all just telepathy?
>>OLLINGER: Well,
what I understand
is that there has to even
be permission before they
come into this planet.
And it's like a big
old theater out there.
He said there's not thousands,
there's tens of thousands
watching at all times.
And they have to get
permission to leave here.
Like if you think we're
going to launch a craft
and you don't get permission,
you don't get to go in.
So some of the stuff is--
>>TIM: Right.
So people assume that all these
ETs come and go as they please.
But this is basically
not the thing.
So what you say is
absolutely correct.
Let's say you have a ring of
protection around the Earth.
And ETs needs proper paperwork
in order to come and go.
There are, of course, some
illegal aliens, so to speak,
that sneak themselves
into Earth.
But what you say is
absolutely correct, yes.
>>OLLINGER: He always
talked about that.
He says, you just
don't get to do that.
So they even have
to have permission
to let you or I see
one of those craft.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: I mean, they
say that that's a no-no.
So two weeks before I seen
the craft in Amarillo, Texas,
in my house-- and I lived
out in the country--
he sent me a picture of
what the craft looks like.
Said, Duane, this
is my nightly ride.
This is--
>>EMERY: So he drew, or he
actually took a picture?
>>OLLINGER: Took a picture.
>>EMERY: Do you
have this picture?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
He said that you have
to have permission
to even show anybody.
And so what was strange to me
was that about two weeks later,
about 5 o'clock in the
morning, I just woke up.
And I knew that I needed
to get up, go outside
with a set of
binoculars, and look up.
And I thought, well, that's the
craziest thing I ever heard.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>OLLINGER: But I did.
I didn't get the binoculars.
I was lazy, I guess.
But I went out and looked up,
and there was the biggest craft
floating over my house.
And they would
turn the lights on.
They were doing like a--
it was crazy.
And it was huge.
And it was not making any noise.
So I was so excited
about that whole deal.
And I called Jeremiah that day
or that night or something.
I said, Jeremiah, you're
not going to believe this.
And he said, it was us, Duane.
He wouldn't let me
talk about it, though.
He would not.
And I said, come on.
And he said, it was us.
He would never let
me talk about that.
So I wondered if they didn't
break a little bit of a rule
to let me see that.
Because he would not.
He would not.
And the only thing
he would do was
he said, Duane, our group always
thought you were telepathic,
and that was one of
the tests that we
needed to show our group.
I thought, well--
>>EMERY: You definitely passed.
>>OLLINGER: I guess.
>>EMERY: You woke
up and went out.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, yeah.
>>EMERY: Because Jeremiah
was a CIA member,
do you think the government
has a relationship
with the Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, I
would think they'd
have to have a
relationship with them.
>>EMERY: Did he ever talk
about that relationship?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, he would
talk about having meetings
with Trump.
He would even talk
about the times
where they would be in meetings.
And from a distance, Obama would
be at that meeting and things
like that.
>>EMERY: Does every president
have this relationship
with the Galactic Federation?
And if so, what do
we know about that?
>>OLLINGER: I just
know the meetings
that he talked about
on having meetings
with different governments.
So I think they're
tied to a bunch.
Or at least they try to talk
them into changing their ways.
India-- I remember him
talking about having
a big ceremony in India.
And one of the strangest
things about that was they
had this big celebration
and big meeting
and the whole nine yards.
And there was a bull elephant
that came charging the crowd.
And with their weaponry,
they had to put him down
because he was going to
kill a bunch of people.
>>EMERY: Did he
ever talk about what
their regard for human life is?
>>OLLINGER: Oh, yeah.
It's as precious as it gets.
He would talk about
whenever they were in battle
and somebody would
lose their life,
it was just heartbreaking.
>>EMERY: So why are they
helping certain countries
instead of looking at
humanity as a whole?
Like we talked
about earlier, they
were helping us with some
technology and weapons
for the United States.
What determines the
United States gets it
and not an opposing factor?
>>OLLINGER: I think
that what I understood
was that the North Korean guy
was getting out of his lane
as far as being a rebel
and going to hurt humanity.
And so they helped in
that perspective, I guess.
>>EMERY: So it's
just because there
might have been an
outside threat where
a lot of innocent
people would die.
So they intervened
to show force.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
And they can step out of
their rules and regulations
on if somebody's
going to get way far--
>>EMERY: Are they
allowed to actually
intervene physically or astrally
to prevent an apocalyptic issue
or a lot of death?
Or do they have to
utilize a country
to represent to do that?
>>OLLINGER: I know that it's
nothing for them to take down
a nuclear weapon.
Jeremiah was a part of
the Dome of the Rock,
where it shows that
craft over the top of it.
It dropped down.
It fires a beam down in there.
Well, what people might not
know that he told me about was
there was a baby nuke in there.
And it was threatening that
part of that whole area.
And so they had craft come in.
They dropped down.
Jeremiah was one of the pilots
with two other pilots with him.
Because it's all about thought.
And they dropped down, fired
the beam, and then shot up.
Well, if you look
on the internet,
people wonder what that was.
That was them.
And he talked about
other places that they
had to take out hidden,
you might say, baby nukes.
And then they brought in
a Israeli extraction team
to take care of the
rest of the problem.
>>TIM: So do you think there
are oppositional forces that
are working together
with humans on Earth
but stay in opposition to
the Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
He said it's always a battle.
And I think if I understood
what he was telling me,
it would be the
point that there's
a lot of people that's
trying to persuade
us to do their way instead
of the Federation's way.
So I would have to
say, yeah, there's
opposing that's trying to help.
But that's not the agenda of the
other batch of cats, I guess.
>>TIM: It's true.
The government
always says what ETs
have in mind what's
good for Earth might not
be the same thing that humans
have in mind for themselves.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, yeah.
Exactly.
>>TIM: But there
are different kinds
of Grey beings out there, which
is more or less a common skin
color.
So it's easy to throw them
all in the same species.
What was your conversation
with the General like?
What did he say about
the Greys' encounters,
and different other species?
>>OLLINGER: He did say
that they were monitoring
the equipment out there
that we had while we
were doing that project.
And there would
be craft come in,
and these little
Greys would get off
and they'd go play on the
equipment like a bunch of kids.
But--
[LAUGHTER]
--he never said that they were--
>>TIM: Hostile?
>>OLLINGER: Bad.
>>TIM: Yeah.
>>OLLINGER: They
just kind of nosey.
>>EMERY: Have you
personally seen
any extraterrestrial types?
>>OLLINGER: So I
can say yes to one.
And I asked Jeremiah Davis what
they looked like, his crew.
And he said, well, they're
just overwhelmingly stout.
Picture of health.
They wear a blue suit.
And then they have a jacket
that they wear over it.
And you just need to know that
they have a star right here
on their belt line.
And that was crazy for
him to even tell me that,
because I was in
Amarillo, Texas.
I hate to say it,
but I was in a mall.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: Shopping, I guess.
Anyway--
>>EMERY: Tragic.
[LAUGHTER]
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, so I
look through these clothes,
and I saw this big
old guy over there.
And he was wearing the same
thing as what I was told.
>>EMERY: Incredible.
>>OLLINGER: And then in turn,
to make sure he acknowledged me,
I acknowledged him.
And then he opened his coat
and he showed me that star.
And then he walked around.
He was just a
good-looking stout agile.
He had to walk sideways,
he was so stout.
Just a very stout guy.
As he came around,
I was watching him,
he was watching me.
And he just walked by me.
I hate to say this, but
I bumped him on the arm,
on his shoulder.
And that's one
stout son of a gun.
And he acknowledged me.
But his language was
more of a choppy--
because I was just kidding.
I said-- I hate to say this,
but I said, you shop here often?
[LAUGHTER]
>>EMERY: That's great.
>>OLLINGER: And he
mumbled some words.
But his language was he
was trying to answer.
But it was more
of a clicky, kind
of like he was trying to
bring it from his deeper--
>>EMERY: Guttural, right.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
And I had heard Jeremiah Davis
talk to those guys on the phone
whenever he'd ask
them questions,
and they would answer back.
Their language was
more of some kind
of a click type [VOCALIZING].
I don't even know how to explain
it, but it was their language
and Jeremiah had to
learn that language
to communicate with those guys.
So anyway, that's
what they look like.
>>EMERY: Could you
be a little bit more
descriptive on this
stout extraterrestrial
you're speaking of?
>>OLLINGER: It would have
been as tall as I am.
I was 6'4".
But his shoulders would be
so thick and so much wider.
You know how a
bodybuilder is as far as--
and then his waistline
was not much.
But his legs were just--
matter of fact, I watched
him walk through the clothes.
And he had to twist and turn
because he wasn't agile.
He was so stout that
he wasn't agile enough.
>>EMERY: I feel
like that sometimes.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
I know.
[LAUGHTER]
But he was a rig.
I mean, I wouldn't
want to piss him off.
So I don't know why
he got my attention.
And I don't know why
he was even there.
But I was told about what they
wear a couple of weeks before.
And the next thing you know,
they always prove the point.
And that's what's always wild.
Now, whenever he walked by me,
I was verbally just giggling.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: But it
wasn't a scary deal.
You just knew that they're
there for the right reason, not
the wrong reason.
>>EMERY: Right, it
was an awareness.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah, yeah.
>>EMERY: Beautiful.
Tell us a little bit more about
the clothing he was wearing
and also the badge, the star.
>>OLLINGER: So the clothing,
it was a very tight one piece,
you might say.
But it wasn't a long coat.
It was just down there just
a little below his waist.
>>EMERY: What color blue?
>>OLLINGER: That's
bad about my deal
is I'm not good with colors.
But it wasn't a deep dark blue.
But it wasn't just a
light blue, either.
And just like saying--
>>EMERY: He wasn't getting a lot
of attention wearing this one
piece suit?
It's not normal usually for
a bodybuilder to walk around
in the mall with a--
>>OLLINGER: I don't know.
All I know is that
I noticed him.
And everybody else is in their
own little world, I guess.
And--
>>EMERY: Maybe he
was cloaking himself
to everyone else but you.
>>TIM: That's an
interesting question,
because that's such a big
coincidence that you've
been told about this presence.
And several days
later, I guess, you
see him in the mall,
which is interesting.
Have you gained any
information about that species?
Is it a human species?
Or is it cloaked, as Emery said,
like projected a human form
to the outside?
>>OLLINGER: I don't know.
I know when I tapped
him on the shoulder,
he was solid as far
as you talking about--
but he looked just as real
as me or you right now.
>>EMERY: Now that the
General is not alive anymore,
do you still have communications
with the Galactic Federation?
>>OLLINGER: Not that I know of.
>>EMERY: No?
>>OLLINGER: No.
He was pretty well--
unless they're playing
some other scenario,
I don't have any personal
conversations with anybody
like that.
>>TIM: But you visited him, or
he visited you in real form,
right?
>>OLLINGER: Yes.
He was a very sick guy.
And what was always strange
to me about this whole deal
was that they have the
capability of curing him, too.
But he didn't want it.
He said, I'm tired.
He said, if they
put me in this thing
that they have on the ships,
it takes about a month for them
to really completely rebuild
everything and get rid
of the cancers and the chemicals
that's destroyed your life.
He said, I'm just tired.
I could get in that
vat, but he says
I'm tired of living
in between two worlds.
>>TIM: Right.
>>OLLINGER: He said, I'm
living as a human here,
and then I'm living
up here as a general.
Nobody believes
me here, and they
don't let me tell anybody
what I really experience.
And he said, I'm just tired.
And he said, I've
got to see Christ.
I want to go home.
>>EMERY: You talked about
him getting into this vat.
What can you tell us about that?
>>OLLINGER: He never really
said exactly what it was.
He said it's a
piece of equipment
they have on their ships.
You get into it.
I presume they
just knock you out.
But in about a month's
time, you come out.
And if you didn't have a
kidney, I guess you got one.
Or whatever.
If I understand
that right, that's
how they cure the people that
go into battles that get hurt.
>>TIM: That's often
referred to as a mat bath.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: You're
absolutely correct.
I mean, these things do exist.
Do you know if it was a liquid
or a frequency-based plasma?
>>OLLINGER: I don't know that.
I do know that he brought
up a scenario one time
that they found
a dead spacecraft
out just floating in space.
And they entered that deal
and they had these capsules.
I can't remember how
many people on there
that when the craft
was going down,
they all had to get
into these capsules.
And they go dormant.
Well, whenever they got there
and found this craft just
floating out in the galaxy, the
people that they saw in there
had been in those capsules
for over a thousand years.
And he said they
knew with technology
how to bring most of them back.
And those people were so
shocked that they had missed out
on a thousand years.
>>EMERY: With your parting words
to the Galactic Federation,
what do you think their
influence on humanity is?
>>OLLINGER: What
Jeremiah told me is we
need to stop our warring ways.
And then that way, we can go
and live in peace and harmony
with their type of a group
that will be a defense for us
instead of--
>>TIM: Destructive.
>>OLLINGER: Yeah.
>>EMERY: You mentioned for
every experience you have,
10,000 questions.
What question would you want
answered from your experiences?
>>OLLINGER: One of
the biggest ones is--
and I can't get it
out of my mind--
is why in the
world somebody that
has absolutely no
experience in any of this,
why would they want a redneck
like me telling this story?
I mean, why?
This is nothing that
you would ever ask for.
That's a question you
all have to ask yourself,
because you all have
dealt with this, too.
I mean, help me out here.
>>TIM: We did.
And if that helps,
you came across
as such a genuine and
real authentic person.
I mean, we've both
been totally emotional
and touched from your story.
So that might be the reason.
>>OLLINGER: Well,
it's a crazy time.
And there's collateral
damage to all this.
But it still doesn't
give you the right
not to tell your truth.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>OLLINGER: And that's
where it gets bumpy.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>TIM: So basically
we're living in one
of the most critical
times ever happened
to humanity and to planet Earth.
We've never seen what's
happening currently, also
on the level of disclosure.
Do you think that the
Galactic Federation
will step on to Earth and
show themselves publicly?
And what's their plan?
Will they help in
some kind of way?
>>OLLINGER: I do know
that when there's
been massive droughts and
people starving and everything,
that they will unload
their equipment
on the other side of the
mountains and drive it over.
And the people that
are starving don't even
know where it's all coming
from, but it's coming from them.
I do know that there's so
many technologies, free energy
and things like that,
that they talk about.
That I said, well, man,
get us some of that.
And they said, if
you ever fired up,
Duane, you'll have people at
your house within an hour.
Because they monitor all this.
In the middle of
their ships, they
have hydrophonics
in these big boys.
And so in turn, they grow
all the best vegetables,
healthy for everybody
and the whole nine yards.
And I said, well, my
gosh, you're out there.
Where you get all the water?
And he said, Duane,
we make our water
by the elements around us.
And I said, well, how
much water can you make?
He says, we can make rivers run.
And so, we could clean
up so much stuff.
It would be so
simple if you just--
>>EMERY: Overnight.
>>OLLINGER: Overnight, yeah.
But somebody just doesn't
want that happening, you know?
>>EMERY: Duane, that
was a compelling story.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>OLLINGER: You're welcome.
Thank you for having me.
Thank you.
>>EMERY: And Tim, it's always
great to have you here.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>NARRATOR: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>OLLINGER: Where we drilled
those holes when we opened it
up, there was a big vortex
coming out of the ground.
It was like we
were in a tornado.
The reptilians were pissed
because somebody was moving in
on their territory.
And so they had to step in
and set some guidelines.
>>EMERY: Do you
feel like you might
be exploring something
that's just too much power
for you to handle?
>>OLLINGER: At this
time in my life,
the knowing is worth the risk.
[THEME MUSIC]